Okay the new quote is used by the user to create quotes for their clients. Now we select the company. For free users it should by default choose the company because there is only one. So having a drop down doesnt make sense. Now we allow the user to select the services that they will be offering. Current implementation is nice. User should then give a description for each service in the quote details (currently the notes section). Then we need to add a button called get ai assisted quote or something along those lines. What this does is that it will prompt our ai to do market research with the details provided by the user when we fill the form. The ai will then take into consideration all of the details as well as our company description generated by the ai and stored in the database. With all this context we will ask the ai to generate a price for each service included as well as an overall reasoning for the price that it suggested. Then the price will update to the price suggested by the ai. User can however edit the price. It can question the ai or maybe reason with the ai for an edited price by giving it some reason. The ai will then analyse the points that the user gives and checks if they are valid and then will provide you with explanations as to why our suggestion is wrong or correct. Then we are given the option to choose the ai generated new price(after suggestion) or stick to the price that we think is correct. In the end, we can generate a quote by clicking generate quote. As of now we just console log but later we will implement pdf generation.
